Edits to Getting Started and Basic Info docs (#177)
slackapi/bolt: docs/_tutorials/getting_started.md

---

### Listening and responding to a message

> Your app is now ready for some logic. Let's start by using the `message()` listener that listens for messages in channels your bot user is a member of.

Reviewer: i think the detail related to bot membership isn't important, and can be misleading when mixing the concepts of user tokens and bot tokens arrises.

})();
```

If you restart your app, you should be able to add your bot user to a channel, send any message that contains "hello", and it will respond.

> This is a basic example, but it gives you a place to start customizing your app based on your end goals. Let's try something a little more interactive by sending a button rather than plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a basic example, but it gives you a place to start customizing your app based on your own goals. Let's try something a little more interactive by sending a button rather than plain text.
```

---

### Sending and responding to actions

To use features like buttons, select menus, datepickers, dialogs, and message actions, you’ll need to enable interactivity. Similar to events, you'll need to specify a URL for Slack to send the action (such as *user clicked a button*).

Back on your app configuration page, click on **Interactive Components** on the left side. You'll see that there's another **Request URL** box.

> By default, Bolt is configured to use same endpoint for interactive components that it uses for events, so use the same request URL as above (in the example, it was `https://8e8ec2d7.ngrok.io/slack/events`). Press the **Save Changes** button in the lower right hand corner, and that's it. Your app is all set up for interactivity!

Reviewer: see previous comment about the word "endpoint"

![Configuring a Request URL](../assets/request-url-config.png "Configuring a Request URL")

> Now, let's go back to your app's code and add our own interactivity. This will consist of two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's go back to your app's code and add interactivity. This will consist of two steps:
```

- First, your app will send a message that contains a button.

> - Next, your app will set up a listener that responds to a user when they click your app's button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Next, your app will listen to the action of a user clicking the button and respond
```

I want to intentionally use the word "action" so that it lines up with what the reader sees later, calling `app.action()`.
